Youtube Video from James Stafford Called Wordpress Tutorial for Beginners
http://websitesmadeeasy.tv/recomends/ProperWordPressSetup 

How to build a website with WordPress and CPanel and QuickInstall.
Steps:

1. First install Wordpress in your computer, go to the internet and type 
HostGator.com, select the plan Baby Plan monthly package. Then, you registered
your domainname, take out the hosting addons, use the coupon savenowwithonepenny.

2. You receive an email, over there you receive a username, password, cpanel link,
open in it and put the username and password from the email you received, then enter.

3.Then, you will see HostGator page, and look where is Software/Services and look for 
QuickInstall. click it, then look for the left column where is WordPress in blogSoftware, 
click on it. then, click continue to install wordpress.
then you have to fill admin email(here you receive all information about the blog wordpress site), 
blog title, admin user, first name, last name. Then, install. 
Then, when you finish, you have then a link that you click but maybe it said an error because
it haven been update to the current information of the site serenades, username, password(this is 
the information to login in the wordpress dashboard).
Then, you can look at your email you received the same information that you saw below, click in
the link of the serenade wordpress/dashboard after that, you can start creating posts and entering 
information.

4. In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, go to Themes, for Install Themes, type business in 
the search, choose the theme, install localbusiness theme. 

5. In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Plugins, 
you will see in installed plugins the WP Super Cache(its really good allows not reload the page if you 
already been there, so your site is speed up).
Add New Plugins for upgrade version:
-All in One SEO (Search Engine Optimization online) when install scroll down you will see plugin status: click enabled,
home title: this is the top information of the site so you put Serenades / Newport Beach CA / Orange County Landscape 
Design Telephone XXX- put the phone if it's local business
Description of the site
Keywords: landscape, design, newport beach, orange county.
then click upload information at the end of the site.

*Example: when you google online first you see the title name of a website in blue Newport Beach Landscaping Company / 
Tru Landscape, then the url, then the meta description of the site.
settings

-Google Analytics (to know how many people visit the profile)Activate plugin.
-Google XML Sitemaps (This plugin will generate a special XML sitemap which will help search engines like Google, 
Bing, Yahoo and Ask.com to better index your blog). Activate plugin
-SEO Friendly Images (plugin which automatically updates all images with proper ALT and TITLE attributes for SEO purposes). 
-gplus-author (to have an identity of the website)
Go to settings, take out the box, Save. Then, we go to Users, New Profile, at the end look for the Google URL
here you can copy your google plus account to associate to this wordpress page. In the website of the youtube person 
http://websitesmadeeasy.tv, you can find the link to download this plugin.
- WP Socializer (advanced plugin for inserting all kinds of Social bookmarking & sharing buttons. 
It has super cool features to insert the buttons into posts, sidebars). Look online this plugin, then just go to the 
dashboard, plugins, click upload, look for the file where it's downloaded, install., activate plugin.
Go to Plugins, then go to this plugin WP Socializer, settings, scroll down until you see the button start using WP 
Socializer, click on it.

6. Update the Ping List (to update automated key websites like google bing yahoo to have new content fast by index and 
ultimately improve). For this google WordPress Ping List 2013 and copy all the links, go to dashboard, settings, update
services and here you paste all the links, click Save.

7. In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Settings, General, delete the tagline, you can put the site title Newport Beach 
Landscaping Company / Tru Landscape or leave it blank, update the rest of the information, date, email and then click 
save.

8. In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Settings, Permalinks, common settings, click the option post name, save.

9. In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Theme Options, where is the Local Business Theme PRO, upload a custom 
logo, fill all the content of home page top settings, homepage feature area saved changes at the end of the page.

10. Add a video of youtube in the site: go to Google online an search for a video of the Serenades en youtube, this is 
good to have, since youtube videos are so engaged to the public. Go where it embed code, copy the link 
http://yout.be/jdhdh, then go to homepage feature area saved in the section left feature heading for instance, save 
all changes.

11. How to add a video into youtube: go to the website of the youtube person http://websitesmadeeasy.tv, look in the 
leftside for TV Enterprise Site, go to toolbar Module 11 Internet marketing, you find the links and videos how to do it. 
Create an account in youtube and so on.

12. In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Settings, Frameworks, add in Contact No. the number of the company.

13. How to add google maps into wordpress: go to google and type Google Maps Wordpress Widget plugin, search, download, 
save it. Then, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Plugins, Upload, browse and look for the link you downloaded google
maps wordpress widget plugin, install and activate the plugin. Then, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Widgets, 
then you will see the option Google Maps Widget. And then, bring the box Google Maps Widget to the right side of the page,
put it in the third footer widget area, then add here the address Serenades Newport Beach CA ... Save. Close. Change the 
map size 200 x 125 px.
Refresh the website, now you can see in the right side at the end of the page the exact point where is the address of the 
company using google maps.
Then, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Widgets, then look for the box Calendar, move it into the First footer, 
and look for Contact Us and move it into the Second footer. 

14. In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, Add New Page, Title: put About US Description: about the webpage. Then, 
scroll down, where it said All in One SEO Pack, Title: put About us - 714 -XXX XXXX(optional number) Description: the same 
as above of the webpage. Then, in the right side click update, save. 
Refresh the website, now you can see the new page.

15. In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, Edit Page, in the right side Page Attributes, Template, change from Default
Template to Full Template, Update. 

16. How to add a image in the page, for instance About us: go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, Edit Page, in the 
section of description there is an option called add media, click on it, select file, look for a photo or image you want to
add in the section about us, upload, good idea to change the name of image Clear name so when they search online it's easy 
to find the picture, changed the name to  Newport Landscaper, insert into the post.
Then, click on the image, look for the left topside an image of little postcard, called edit image, then edit image open out,
changed the alignment to right side, update. 
Refresh the website, now you can see in the About us the image in the right side of the description.

17. Add another page: go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, Add New Page, Title: Fountains Orange County 
Description: what offers ... Then, scroll down, where it said All in One SEO Pack, 
Title: put Fountains Orange County - 714 -XXX XXXX(optional number) 
Description: the same as above of the webpage. Then, go to the right side of the page, Page Attributes, Template, change from
Default Template to Full Template, Update. 
Refresh the website, now you can see the new page.

18. Add another page: go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, Add New Page, Title: Landscapes Lighting Orange County 
Description: what offers ... Then, scroll down, where it said All in One SEO Pack, 
Title: put Landscape Lighting Orange County - 714 -XXX XXXX(optional number) 
Description: the same as above of the webpage. Then, go to the right side of the page, Page Attributes, Template, change from
Default Template to Full Template, Update. 
Refresh the website, now you can see the new page.

19. Add another page: go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, Add New Page, Title: Services 
Description: what offers ... Then, scroll down, where it said All in One SEO Pack, 
Title: put Services - 714 -XXX XXXX(optional number) 
Description: the same as above of the webpage. Then, go to the right side of the page, Page Attributes, Template, change from 
Default Template to Full Template, Update. 
Refresh the website, now you can see the new page.

20. Change the way the tabs of the page are disclosed in the website, in the example the links are horizontal from left to 
right:
go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, Edit New Page Fountains Orange County, look for the right side, go to the 
right side, Page Attributes, Parent, change from no parent to Services, Update. 
Refresh the website, now you can see the new page.  
Do the same steps to the page Landscape Lighting Orange County, 
go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, Edit New Page Landscape Lighting Orange County, look for the right side, go to 
the right side, Page Attributes, Parent, change from no parent to Services, Update. 
Refresh the website, now you can see the only three tabs are Home, About us, Services. In the Tab Services: Fountains Orange 
County and Landscape Lighting Orange County. This way the website looks neat and organized.

21. Go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Theme Options, General Settings, go to Custom Favicom is the little 
logo (that is in the same place as the title in the tab, always in the leftside of the tab) 
go to Body Background (if you want to add a color or background outside of the page)
Top Right Contact Details (if you want to add information on it)
Refresh the website, now you can see the new page.  
Tracking Code (if you want to add the code of Google analytics), if you add this feature, then all the visitors can see how 
many visitors have been in the website, it's a great tool to have it!! :)
 
22. How to link images to pages in the website, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Theme Options, Slider 
Options, in this area it's to link image to page related.

23. How to put the content of three divided section of the end of the content:
go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Theme Options, Homepage Feature Area, it's the same procedure as in 
the number 13. 
First Feature Description: Copy the information  
First Feature Link: widget ..   

24. How to change the Theme Stylesheet (content half of the webpage): go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, 
Theme Options, Styling Options, by default is set to blue, you can now change to whatever color you want, choose green, Save.

25. To add social logos: go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Theme Options, Social Logos. 
Just add the link to each social media twitter, facebook, etc.

26. To add footer settings: go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Theme Options, Footer Settings
Some people like to add at the end of the page content. 
Example of the page wikipedia.org: 
Privacy policy About Wikipedia
Disclaimers
Contact Wikipedia 
Developers
Cookie statement
Mobile view

27. To add SEO Options: go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Theme Options, SEO Options
If you want to add more data and links associated to the site. In the example he prefer not to add nothing since the plugin
All in One SEO contains it all. So, do not worry.

 
 


 



