From the youtube video Andrew Allen: How To Make a WordPress Website | For Beginners | 2016
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6RJaREKVnDA

How to create a webpage wordpress nicer version using cPanel, QuickInstall:

1. Same steps as the previous example od the other guy create host and domain and install wordpress.

2. Then, install plugins: go to Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Plugins: Desactive all the plugins, and then, delete all.
In the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Plugins(are like apps into an iphone, android),
Add New: -Black Studio TinyMCE Widget (Adds a new Visual Editor widget)Install and Activate
	 -Contact Form 7(contact Form 7 can manage multiple contact forms, plus you can customize the form and the mail 
          contents flexibly with simple markup. The form supports Ajax-powered submitting, CAPTCHA, Akismet spam filtering 
          and so on)Install and Activate
 	 -Facebook(admins to promote their Pages and embed a simple feed of content from a Page into any WordPress blog)
	  Install and Activate
	 -Lightbox Plus Colorbox (permits users to view larger versions of images, simple 
          slides shows, videos and content all in an overlay)Install and Activate
	 -Meta Slider (easy to use wordpress slider plugin create seo optimazed responsive slideshows with Nivo Slider, 
          Flex Slider, Coin slider and Responsive Slides)Install and Activate
	 -Page builder by SiteOrigin(Build responsive page layouts using the widgets you know and love using this 
	  simple drag and drop page builder.) Install and Activate
	 -SiteOrigin Widget Bundle ( collection of all widgets, neatly bundled into a single plugin. 
	  It's also a framework to code your own widgets on top of.)Install and Activate
	 -Social media wigdet (WP MashSocial Wigdet Lite: A beautiful widget inspired by Mashable to be used in 
	  sidebar, it allows you to add your Pinterest, G+ , Twitter , Facebook and Feeds Subscription in it)
          Install and Activate.

3. For the Theme, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, search Vantage.Install, Activate.

4. Adding a page in Wordpress, for the pages, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Pages, 
Add New Page: -Title: Contact, then click Publish on the right side of the page. 
              -Title: Blog, then click Publish on the right side of the page.
	      -Title: About Our Company, then click Publish on the right side of the page.
 	      -Title: Photo Gallery, then click Publish on the right side of the page.
 	      -Title: Services, then click Publish on the right side of the page.

5. To see the progress of the website, go to Creativity at the top left side of the page next to the symbol WP, go to Visit 
Site.

6. Now, to modify the homepage: go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Home Page, Custom Home Page click at the
top left side of the page ON, Save Home Page.
Then, click refresh of the website WordPress, you will see now how it looks and all the links we need to modify.

7. By default, the Custom Home Page, comes with a set of rows. We need to delete all of this. First, select the first row on the 
top left and delete. Do the same procedure with the other two.
After that, -Add Row, Add New Row:1, Insert at the end of the page.
	    -Add Row, Add New Row:3, each one with 33,3 % size. Insert at the end of the page.
	    -Add Row, Add New Row:2, each one with 50 % size. Insert at the end of the page.

8. So, for the First Row:1 column, click on it, Add Widget, Add New Widget, then select Vantage Headline, click edit, in 
Headline Eye catching headline of your choosing.
Then, for the Second Row:3 column or division, click on the first leftside square. click widget, circle icon, then click 
in the right side of the circle icon, duplicate two times. This two will go down the first row box.
Then, you will move each circle icon box one in the middle of the row, and the othe right side of the second row. 
All in the Second Row. Horizontal.

9. Then, we want to add content on each little box of the circle icon, so go to the first in the left side of the second row. 
Edit, 
Circle Icon 1, Title: WordPress Tutorials For all areas of expertise
               Text: The most up-to-date WordPress tutorials that offer help for those in need.
	       Icon: put star
	       Icon Background Color: ---
	       More Text: Check Out Our Work
	       More URL:/photo-gallery/
then, click Done at the end of the right side of the page. Then, Save Home Page. 

Circle Icon 2, Title: Learn How to Create Your Website
               Text: Why pay a web developer thousands of dollar when you can create your own amazing website completely 
	       free?.
	       Icon: put dollar
	       Icon Background Color: ---
	       More Text: Check Out Our Page
	       More URL:/about-our-company/ we put like this since when you look for the about our company page url online: 
               creativitytutorials.com/about-our-company/ we need to put is the last part /about-our-company/ 
then, click Done at the end of the right side of the page. Then, Save Home Page. 

Circle Icon 3, Title: We're Here to Help
               Text: Have any questions? Encounter a problem creating your website? Feel free to leave a comment and we'll
               be happy to assist you!
	       Icon: put gift
	       Icon Background Color: ---
	       More Text: Check Out Our Services Page
	       More URL:/services/ 
then, click Done at the end of the right side of the page. Then, Save Home Page. 

10. Then, for the third Row: 2 column or division.
Modify the first box of the left side, Add Widget, look for the SiteOrigin Image, Save.
Now, we have two boxes, one called Text and the other called SiteOrigin Button.
For the first box called Text, Title: Creativity is key to sucess
                               Description: "jjdjjdjdjdjdjj"
			       Check the box automatically add paragraphs at the end of the page. Then, Done.
For the second box of the left side called SiteOrigin Button,
				Button text: Learn More About Us 
				Destination URL:/services/
				Icon: look for the symbol arrow pointing right
				Icon color: select black
		     Make sure, Align: center, 
				Button theme: Flat.
				Button color: light blue #a8d6f4 
				Text color:black   
				Rounding: Very rounded, click Done, Save Home Page.

For the second box of the right side, click on it, Edit, then Add Widget, look for the SiteOrigin Slider, click, Edit, 
In SiteOrigin Slider, slider frames, click add, click arrow in the top leftside of the box, background video click add, 
video, click arrow again.
then, in Video URL look for the link you want to put in the site copy from youtube from the url httos:/yotube/jjj and paste.
then, click Done at the end of the right side of the page. Then, Save Home Page. 
 
To see the progress of the website, go to Creativity at the top left side of the page next to the symbol WP, go to Visit 
Site. You will see all the row with the information entered.

11. Go to the second box of the right side, click on it, Edit, on the right side called Row Styles, Theme, click top border 
Color, put the same light blue #a8d6f4 code. Then, save, then, Save Home Page.

12. Then, add the social media icon, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Appearance, Widgets, go to Sidebars, by default 
it comes with some widgets, delete it by click on it each one, or by drag each one out of the sidebars it will delete it as 
well. Then, add the social media icon widget, click on it, select footer, add widget, edit the widget in the footer in the 
top right side, put Icon Alignment:centered, then add the social url like facebook, twitter, etc. then, click save, save Home 
Page.

13. Then, to edit the main image HD to put in the home page with text, need to look for the image online by typing 
htttps:/unsplash.com, provide images HD for free to websites, look for the image you like, here he choose a image of a port 
with water, click on the image, save image as vantageimage.jpeg downloaded, finish.
Then, go to another tab and type picmonkey.com, website that allows to edit your images or pictures for free.
Click on the page, then, on the top of the website, click Edit, look for the image downloaded, then, it would pop out a 
message cancel it. So, in the left side of the page, look for Resize, click on it, change the size, 1200x800 px, maintain the 
option check Keep proportions, click Apply. 
Click in the left side of the page, Tt, Text, click on it, Add Text, font text Shadows into Light Two, strech out the text 
from left to right and center it, pop out in the right side, a box to edit the text, click align center, type Creativity, 
size text 144. Try to move the text more center.
Then, click in the left side of the page, Crop, click on it, Actual size modify: 1080x420 (this is the specific size when you
see an image online) then you choose which are to crop with the text, then, click Apply.
When you are finishing editing, click at the top center of the image, save, quality: put Sean since its better quality, put 
the name of the image: port beach, save to my computer.

14. Go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, at the left side of the page look for Meta Slider, click on it, on the top select 
create your first slideshow, click on it, add slide, select files, we need to upload the file we just created online of the
image port beach, then on the down right side, click add to the slider. Then, settings on the right side click Flex Slider, 
modify: Width 1080, Height 420, Theme select Vantage(flex), then, save.
Then, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, go to Home Page, right click, on the right side of the page, go to Page Meta 
Slider, select Slider: New Slider. Then, click Update.
Then, click refresh of the website creativitytutorial.com WordPress, you will see now how it looks with the image-text and 
all the links and social media widget but the website look cut down on the leftside and right side, so we want the website
to embrace the whole page in order to do that we need to do the next step.

15. To modify theme, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Theme Settings, click on it, click on the tab Layout, 
check the box for Responsive Layout Enabled, check the box for Enable Fitvids.js Enabled, Layout Bound: select Full width, 
save settings. 
Then, click refresh of the website creativitytutorial.com WordPress, you will see now how it looks with the image-text and 
all the links and social media all embrace the whole page.

16. To eliminate the arrows that are in the image of the home page wordpress, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, Meta Slider, 
on the right side of the page, Settings, look for arrows uncheck it, then Save.

17. To create logo of the webpage, go to a page called logomakr.com, then click next on each pop out message until you 
reach done. Then, click on the left side for the T icon, text, to create some text, and type Creativity. then we look for 
the logo, is at the top left of the screen next to the search button, click on the six squares sign, that is the search for 
logo, then look for a tree logo, click on it, then scroll next to the text, modify the size of the text and color of both the
logo to white and text change the color some to light blue some to white. Then, go to the top right of the screen and click 
save.

18. To add the logo that was create it, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Theme Settings, Logo Tab, Logo Image, 
click on it, look for the image, select it, click set logo, then Save Settings.
Then, click refresh of the website creativitytutorial.com WordPress, you will see the logo is in the top with the white space,
but we want the logo next to tab where is said Home in the Menu Tab. So in order, to change to locatization of the logo, go
to the Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Theme Settings, Layout Tab, Masthered Layout, change instead of Default Mastered 
to Logo in Menu, then Save Settings. Then, go to Logo Tab, check the Constrain Logo Height is check with a tild Yes, then 
Save Settings. 
 
19. Add more information in the Tab of Menu in About Our Company in the Wordpress site, go to the Dashboard of Wordpress, 
Pages, then go to About Our Company, Edit, type information about the company, to put text in bigger than the rest go to 
Toolbar Toogle, then change from Paragraph to Heading 2 and the text change to a bigger size. 
Then, to add an image, look for Add image, select, browse for the image of choose, upload the image if you have it in the 
computer, insert to page, then, click on the image put it in the left side of the text. Then add this paragraph at the end
of the text: You can reach us by clicking here. Then, highlight over here then go to a sign that is like a chain link, to
add a url link, click on it, type creativitytutorials.com/contact/ also, then check tild in a new tab, then Save. Then,
update.

20. Go to WordPress, where is Creativity instead of Dashboard go to Customize, then, go to the left side of the page, where
is Static Front Page, Front page displays A static page, Front page Home page, and then, Posts page change from select to 
Blog, Save and Publish. This post page to blog means everything you create something new in your website, it would 
automatically update to your Blog. 

21. Then, we need to add the facebook link in the page About Our company, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Widgets,
then look for the Facebook Like Box, click it, select Sidebar, Add Widget, then you can put in Title: Stay Connected, 
paste the url of the facebook page of the company, then, Save.

22. Go to Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Posts, click on the Hello World delete it, trash. Then, click Add New, edit Add New
Post Title: The Love of Rain, Description: type the text, Then Save. 
Then, Add 2nd New Post, edit, Title: What Exactly Is A Promise Ring?  Description: type the text related., then, Save.
Then, Add 3rd New Post, edit, Title: Why Developing Emotional Intelligence Is Important? Description: Text, Save.
Then, Add 4rd New Post, edit, Title: Contagious Events: Tops Wedding Planners In Boston Description: Text, Save.
then, when you refresh the page of the Blog Menu Tab, you will see all the information on it but it all looks not 
organized, so in order to change that, we need to go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Theme Settings, click on the Blog
tab, click on Post Content instead of Full Post change to Post Excerpt, then click Save Settings. 

Then, when you resfresh the Wordpress page, it looks nice and neat you have each post with a bit of introduction of each
post instead of the whole information that is not so nice for the person to read.

23. Organize the Menu of the website in Wordpress, in order to do that, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Menus, Edit
Menus, Menu Name Type Main Navigation, Create Menu on the top right side, then, 
Menu Structure, it shows like this 
Home Page, 
Services, 
About Our Company, 
Contact, 
Home Page, delete this since it already one. 
Photo Gallery, 
Blog.
then, scroll up or down the order of how you like to display in the actual Wordpress website Menu.  
The current order after change,
Home Page, 
Services, 
About Our Company, 
Photo Gallery, 
Blog,
Contact
then, Menu Settings click or check the option Theme locations in order to have the current order change in the menu.

Optional: If you would like to have a tab that contains other post.
Home Page, 
Services,           ---> for instance, here i want services to contain about our company, photo gallery and blog
   About Our Company,    You just move each box(About Our Company, Photo Gallery and Blog) a bit to right 
   Photo Gallery, 
   Blog,
Contact
click Save Menu on the top right.
Then, when refresh the page, you have only three Tabs: Home Page, Services and Contact. In Services you have a drop-menu 
			contains About Our Company, Photo Gallery,Blog. 
Home Page, 
Services,           
   About Our Company,    
   Photo Gallery, 
   Blog,
Contact

24. If you want to add a page manually, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Appearance, Menus, Edit Menus, in the left side where
is Pages, Most recent, click on the page you want to add, it now, would appear into the Menu Name.

25. If you see in the Menu of the website, there is one called Home Page, we need to change this name in order to proceed, go
to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, click on Home Page Front Page, Edit in the title change from Home Page to Home, click on 
Update. 
Then, refresh the website now, now you can see all the changes in the Menu.

26. Go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, click on Services, Edit in the right side next to Visual and Text, click on Page 
Builder, click on Add Row, 
the 1st Row: 1 column.
the 2nd Row: 2 column
the 3rd Row: 1 column
then this have to be this order, drag and move to order.

Then, the 2nd Row, for the first box, click on it, Add Widget, find the Circle Icon. When, you get it, click on the Circle
Icon, click Duplicate in the top right of the little box, 5 times, and move 3 of this Circle Icon box to the next box column
of the right side of the 2nd Row. So, now each column has 3 Circle Icon.
Then, click on the first box of Circle Icon on the left side of the column, click Edit, 
Title: put Learn How To Create Your Own Website
Text: put Why pay thousands of dollars to aweb developer when you can build your own website for free?
Icon: look for mobile
Icon Background Color: hex color #23bae0 
if you don't know how to pick a color like that, go to google and search for hex color picker from www.w3schools.com, then, 
pick a color, the selected color named #ff6699, that is a hex color, which is a pink color. 
you copy a color you like and paste it in the Icon Background Color since only accept this type hex color.
Icon position: put Left
Icon Size: put Medium
then, click Done.
Do the same steps for the next Circle Icon,

The 2nd Row, for the second box of the Circle Icon on the left side of the column, click Edit, 
Title: put WordPress Support
Text: put Run into a problem creating this website? Leave a comment and I'll get back to you as soon as possible.
Icon: look for female
Icon Background Color: leave the color blank
Icon position: put Left
Icon Size: put Medium
then, click Done. 

The 2nd Row, for the third box of the Circle Icon on the left side of the column, click Edit, 
Title: put Share this Video
Text: put Has the video helped out? please share it with your friends and family.
Icon: look for Soccer Ball O
Icon Background Color: hex color #23bae0
Icon position: put Left
Icon Size: put Medium
then, click Done. 

Then, The 2nd Row, click on the first box of Circle Icon on the right side of the column, click Edit, 
Title: put WordPress Tutorials
Text: put The most up-to-date WordPress tutorials around helping you find solutions to your problems. 
Icon: look for heart
Icon Background Color: hex color #23bae0 
Icon position: put Left
Icon Size: put Medium
then, click Done.

The 2nd Row, click on the second box of Circle Icon on the right side of the column, click Edit, 
Title: put WordPress Themes
Text: put Check out the latest and best WordPress themes available. 
Icon: look for play
Icon Background Color: hex color #23bae0 
Icon position: put Left
Icon Size: put Medium
then, click Done.

The 2nd Row, click on the third box of Circle Icon on the right side of the column, click Edit, 
Title: put Subscribe, Thumbs Up, and Comment
Text: put Has this video helped you out? If so, please subscribe, give a thumbs up, and leave a comment.
Icon: look for Star
Icon Background Color: blank color 
Icon position: put Left
Icon Size: put Medium
then, click Done.

Then, when you finalized, Update in top right side of Edit Page. 
Then, when refreshed the page you can see there is the icon of facebook we don't want that there since distract the audience,
we need to take it out, in order to do that, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, click on Services, on the right side where 
is Page Attributes, Template, click on it, change from Default Template to Full Width Page (this option will disable the 
sidebar of the facebook widget on this page)
Click, Update in the right side of the page.
Then, refresh the website and now it's gone the facebook icon when you click on the page Services.

27. Enter information in the Photo Gallery Page, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, click on Photo Gallery, Edit 
Photo Gallery, Add Media, Create Gallery, select the pictures you want, Create a New Gallery, then in top right side, where
is said Gallery Settings Link to change from Attachment Page to Media File, Size put Medium, then instert Gallery., then 
update.
Top tip: when you are looking for pictures to put online in photo gallery try to resize or have the same size and quality.

When, you refresh the page of Photo Gallery you see some pictures have caption, so we need to remove it, also we need to 
remove the facebook icon as well.

28. In order to remove the facebook icon, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, click on Photo Gallery, do a refresh if you
click back to the page Dashboard, click Update, now you can see inside a set of numbers in the description that before 
wasn't there. Now, go to right side of the page, Page Attributes, Template, change from Default Template to Full Width Page,
click Update.
When you refresh the Photo Gallery page, you can see all the photos now, you can click on one picture, it would pop out, you
can move with the right arrow. Cool feature.

29. In order to change the title or caption of the picture, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, click on Photo Gallery, 
click on Visual on the right side, now you will see the pictures, before it was in text it was in the description part a code.
Now, in the Visual, you click on the pictures since it is a group, click on Edit, pop out pencil sign, then you click on the 
picture, look in the right side gallery settings, attachments settings title: has this Market wallpaper, so not worries, but 
in the second picture it has title and caption the same Tropical Beach Desktop, you delete only in the caption since this 
will show on the page if you leave it, click update gallery. click Update.
When you refresh the website in the Photo Gallery page, the photos now don't have caption on it.

30. Add information on the Contact Page, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, click on Contact, then look for Page Builder
in the right side, Add Row, create Add New Row: 3 columns, Insert.
		   Add Row, create Add New Row: 1 column, Insert
                   Add Row, create Add New Row: 2 column, Insert.
Then, in the First row,on the First column box of the left side, click on it, Add widget, look Visual Editor, click Edit, 
Description: write Contact
                   Phone: (777)444-2222 
		   Email: andrew@gmail.com
then, highlight all the text, click align center.Then, highlight over Contact click on Paragraph change to Heading 1, then, 
click Done on the bottom right.

Then, in the First row,on the Second column box of the left side, click on it, Add widget, look Visual Editor, click Edit, 
Title: blank Description: write Office Hours
			Weekdays: 8am-5pm
        		Weekends: 12pm-5pm
then, highlight all the text, click align center.Then, highlight over Office Hours click on Paragraph change to Heading 1, 
then, click Done on the bottom right.
 
Then, in the First row,on the Third column box of the left side, click on it, Add widget, look Visual Editor, click Edit, 
Title: blank Description: write Location
			4132 Ocean Avenue Drive
			Miami, FL
then, highlight all the text, click align center.Then, highlight over Office Hours click on Paragraph change to Heading 1, 
then, click Done on the bottom right.

When refresh the page of Contact, you see the Facebook Icon and the name Contact twice, you need to remove the Facebook Icon
and the Contact title as well. 

31. In order to remove the Facebook Icon and the Contact title, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, Pages, click on Contact, go to
right side of the page, Page Attributes, Template, change from Default Template to Full Width Page, no Title, click Update. 
Now, when you refresh the page of Contact, the content is gone. :)

32. Need to add the google map and content, go to Dashboard of Wordpress, go to Contact, in the Shortcode, click on the 
content, copy it, then go to Pages, go to Contact Page, Edit, select the 3rd Row on the left side bottom of the page, click, 
add Widget, Visual Editor, click Edit, copy the content of the description, Done, Update in the page.
Then, when you refresh the Contact page, you can see the form of the Contact, Name, email, subject, your message.

33. Now if you want to change the email of the contact form, for instance when they fill all this information it would go to 
the email you set up when you create the wordpress website usually, you can change this.
Go to Dashborad of wordpress, go to Contact, Contact Forms, click on Contact Form 1, look for the Email Tab, then where it 
said To example andrewallenschutter@gmail.com change to another email.

34. Now to instal google maps, go to dashboard of wordpress, Pages, click on Contact, click on the 3rd Row of the bottom 
right side of the page, add widget, look for text, then open google and type maps.google.com then type the location of 
the company Clearwater Beach, Clearwater, FL, then try to zoom and move what do you want to display organize the point. 
Then, click on the right bottom side of the page its like gear circle icon, next to yellow person, click share or embed map, 
then click on th etab embed map, click next to medium, change to customize 700x435, copy the embed code.

Then, go back to the Pages, Contact, click on the thrid Row of the bottom right side, Text, Edit, Description o body fill,
paste the embed code, then Done, then you are now back to Edit Page, Contact, click on the back 3 Row of the leftside 
highlight in blue, when you click on it, edit the Row, click on the middle of the 2 boxes, then, drag or move to left side 
until the left side is 36.7% and the right row is 63,3%. Then, click Save, then, Update.

Then, click on View the page of the Contact, you will see the two addition the contact form and the map.

35. Then, go to Dashboard of wordpress, Pages, click on Contact, click on the 2nd Row: 3 columns, look for the right side 
where is Theme, Bottom Border Color, put hex color light blue which #a8d6f4, click Save, Update. 
Now, when we refresh the page we have a border who separate two areas with the light blue color.
The area of the contact form and map with contact, office hours and location.

36. Go to Dashboard of wordpress, Settings, General Settings, its display with this information
Site Title: Creativity, 
Tagline: Just a Small Business Website 

When you open the website wordpress, in the tab of the website you see both of this text together.
Creativity | Just a Small Business Website

If you want to change the name of both Site and Tagline, do it , then, Save. Log out of the wordpress site.
Then, open the website you just create in wordpress.  